welcome to the man of recaps this is
Batman V Superman dawn of Justice so
when metropolis was destroyed in Man of
Steel Bruce Wayne was there on the
ground to witness the devastation
firsthand and he blames it on Superman
in case you don't know Bruce Wayne is
Batman and you know his parents were
murdered and he was a kid and then he
turned into Batman whose major
superpowers are basically being rich and
doing Crossfit anyway Lois Lane is out
doing serious journalist stuff but
unfortunately the camera guy was working
for the CIA so things go south quick
luckily Superman comes in to save her
he's like don't mess with my girlfriend
that's right does she and Clark Kent are
dating seriously they have sexy back
time because they're so in love but
beforehand that warlords mercenaries
decided to turn on him kill all their
men and burn the bodies and then they
made this like local villagers say that
it was Superman who killed them all with
his heat vision and this senator is like
oh hey well that's not cool
so they go to see Lex Luthor who was
basically Zuckerberg from the social
network except a little bit
psychotically unhinged in case you don't
know kryptonite makes Superman's super
weak and he found a big chunk of it down
at the Indian Ocean from that destroyed
thing he doesn't trust Superman so he
wants to weaponize it as a deterrent and
the government gives him access to the
crashed spaceship and general Zod's body
but this senator is like hey we're not
gonna let you bring in that big rock of
kryptonite because I don't trust you
you're clearly the villain here so Lex
is going to smuggle it in illegally
through Gotham where Batman's
investigating it cuz he wants the
Kryptonite for himself so he goes to a
Lex Luthor fancy party to hack his
system but his phone gets stolen by this
hot mysterious chick who is she
the Bruce Wayne tracks her down at
another fancy party and she's Diana
Prince museum curator or whatever she's
like yeah don't worry I just borrowed
your phone cuz let's have something that
belongs to me but I couldn't hack the
system so I'll give it back to you but
he falls asleep at his desk and has an
epic dream of a post-apocalyptic future
where Superman has gone bad and taken
over the world as a god-king Batman is
trying to get his hands on some
kryptonite but it was a setup Superman's
secret police are there and Batman
fights valiantly but he's taken down and
Superman comes in to see him and rips
his heart out so Batman wakes up but
there's all this laning and this weird
guy in his living room and it's like hey
I'm the flash from the future by the way
you need to assemble the Justice League
and anyway Batman wakes up for real and
he finds out where they're importing the
Kryptonite so it's Batmobile time and he
busts in there to chase it steel it down
but before he can
Superman shows up to stop him see as
Clark Kent Superman had been looking
into Batman and he doesn't approve of
his brutal vigilante justice so he's
like hey no more being Batman and once
he's flown a safe distance away Batman
feels safe taunting him and the
Kryptonite ends up with Lex Luthor now
this wheelchair guy lost his legs in the
big metropolis fight so he blames
Superman vandalizes to statue and Lex
goes to visit him he's like hey what if
I give you the super fancy new
wheelchair on exchange that you go call
a press conference with the senator to
have Superman come and answer for his
actions before they can get started she
realizes Lex Luthor's not there what Oh
explosion oh he put a bomb in the
wheelchair oh man and Superman's like
wow this looks really bad for me Batman
was watching and he's like oh this is it
Superman's taking over so he breaks into
Lex Corp and steals the Kryptonite he
gets in a quick CrossFit workout and
then turns on the bat-signal which is
his way of saying hey come at me bro
meanwhile Lois Lane's been doing some
investigating stuff and she realizes Lex
Luthor's the bad guy so he kidnaps her
and throws her off the building to get
Superman to fly in and save her of
course he does and so Superman's like
hey Lex the jig is up but Lex is like no
you're gonna go fight Batman for me it's
like wait why would I do that it's like
well we named the movie Batman V
Superman so you have to fight but also
I've kidnapped your mother Martha
uh-oh and he's got her hidden away so
Superman can't just punch his way out of
this one so he goes down to see Batman
to try to explain the situation but
Batman doesn't want to talk so
Superman's like okay maybe he'll just
fly you through some buildings real
quick
and then you'll listen to reason but
Batman's got a trick up his sleeve a
grenade launcher what full of kryptonite
gasps oh and that does a number on
Superman he wants to punch him but
what's always super weak yeah I'm Batman
boom kick into the thing foot jump down
all he's really letting him have it and
Superman is getting injured it's
Batman's punching him in the face
repeatedly but the Crypt is how you
start swearing off faster than
anticipated so Batman's in for a world
of pain unfortunately Superman's super
dumb and he gets hit with another
kryptonite gas and this time Batman
throws him off a balcony and oh ho ho
Superman is down for the count so Batman
grabs his kryptonite spear and give
Superman a sweet facial scar he's gonna
kill him but then Superman's like save
Martha and he's like what was that mean
who's that Lois Lane is there for some
reason and explains that Superman's
mom's name and Batman's like oh that's
funny my mom was named Martha too so
this makes Batman realize that if
Superman loves his mama he can't be a
bad guy he's like oh I'm sorry I beat
you up bro let me make it
do y'all go save your mom so he busts in
there Batman style beats up all the
thugs and saves Superman's mom now
there's something weird going down at
general Zod's old ship so superman busts
in there to find Lex who's like hey I
thought you might survive Batman so it's
time for Plan B see earlier you figured
out how to turn the ship on and he
brought Zod's body into the jacuzzi with
him and some of his own blood added to
it put it in the birthing pit and now
this monster busts out it's an orc from
Lord of the Rings whom do you serve
Saruman
this is doomsday and he's a ridiculously
strong Hulk type he's also got an AoE
energy attack so he's way Opie Superman
has a great idea though just fly him up
into space where he can't hurt anybody
unfortunately the US government's like
nuke Nukem now SWAT a whole bubble
exploded unfortunately doomsday is fine
he just grows bone spikes like the
abomination from the Edward Norton Hulk
movie Superman's ok too but you know he
was just nuked he needs a minute to
recover so Batman steps in tries to
fight doomsday it goes very poorly and
he's about to be killed but saved by
Wonder Woman oh yeah
earlier when Batman decrypted Lex
Luthor's drive you found files on all
the metahumans the future Justice League
the super sexy art dealer is actually
Wonder Woman there's also files on the
flash being fast and Aquaman being
underwater and at cyborg doing whatever
he does but anyway when Wonder Woman saw
what was going down she decided to jump
in and join the fight Superman's feeling
better now so he comes back to so
Superman Batman and Wonder Woman have
all teamed up it's pretty sweet
so Wonder Woman and Superman are
fighting doomsday with their super
powers and while Batman is waiting on
the sidelines cuz he's kind of just a
guy in a bat onesie Lois Lane is still
around for some reason so she gets the
Kryptonite spear and gives it to
Superman so Wonder Woman ropes doomsday
with her super lasso and Batman hits him
with a kryptonite gas pellet ya sick no
scopez night bro and Superman flies in
with a kryptonite spear Oh stabs him in
the heart but doomsday psycho if I'm
going down I'm taking you with me
Oh stab Superman but that Superman's
like if I'm going down I'm taking you
with me
Oh stabs him again and a lot of story
short booyah explosion and these two are
both dead that's right this is not a
fake out Superman is definitely dead
the only way he could come back is if he
pulls a John Snow and gets resurrected
somehow the cops arrest Lex Luthor who's
standing in a pool of blood talking to a
hologram of literally Satan and then in
jail they shave his head which gives him
the classic Lex Luthor bald look and
down
Clark Kent's funeral Lois discovers that
he was going to propose oh that's so
sweet I'm crying everywhere Batman and
Wonder Woman come to and he's like hey
let's assemble the Justice League and
she's like that may as well and the
movie comes to an end zooming in on
Superman's grave where oh the dirt
moves' wahoo
[Music]